bpo-46236: Fix PyFunction_GetAnnotations() returned tuple. (#30409)
python/cpython: Misc/NEWS.d/next/C API/2022-01-05-10-16-16.bpo-46236.pcmVQw.rst

> Fix :c:func:`PyFunction_GetAnnotations` might return a tuple instead of a
> dict.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fix a bug in :c:func:`PyFunction_GetAnnotations` that caused it to return a ``tuple`` instead of a ``dict``.
```
